Now to finish this course, here's one other aspect
I really want to talk about; libraries, frameworks and modularity. And so now you learned what makes up Javascript
and
this is of course very important and what this course is all about.
I want to give you the basics of Javascript,
I want you to learn what Javascript is and how it works. Oftentimes in your projects,
you'll probably use some libraries or at least add some libraries or complete frameworks or you might
have a project which is so big and has so many code lines, so many different modules you'd
like to have that you simply run into problems with having just a couple of Javascript files which you
import in your page with the script tags and you would love to have some kind of modularity
like you know it from other languages which is where you have different pieces of your app in different
files and then you just import them from each other
and when the app runs, everything is pulled together.
Javascript doesn't offer this functionality, so I'll come back to this question too.